In the previous lecture, we have seen how to get all the records from the sequel table using Jibia.
Now in this lecture, we will see how to get single record from the sequel table using DP.
So here we use roundtable.
For example, we want to get strong details about it equal to one.
So what sequel we write?
Select Star from Sprint that is equal to say, for example one.
OK, execute this query and we got the result.
OK?
So this is one particular record where it equal to one.
So this is and that is equal.
But in between, all right, we are not going to write any native sequel query.
OK, so let's see how creative this kind of sequel we're using.
And for that, we will develop the guidebook.
So let's go to one controller.
And here we will add another JTB.
At Get Mapping.
OK, public, see, now we are getting only one particular rule.
OK, one record and we know, right, one record means one object.
What entity?
Glass.
So here return date will be student.
So, for example, method name is get by ID.
OK, let's do the mapping for our GDP, so let's get my I.D. and I.D. value, we will possess part variable,
OK, and we know right how to get the part variable value using that part variable, in addition long
ID.
Now from here, we will call the service.
So let's jump to service here.
Let me copy this, OK?
And here at.
Student, get by.
Now using this repository, OK, all the metal find.
This one fine by 80.
OK.
And here we will get it, will you?
And the same, we will pass using the repository and this will OK, this will be done optional or what
entity?
Glass.
So here we will get as optional analog.
OK, so we need to call the metal get.
OK, so this will give us object top and glass that it ruined our Java.
So this method we will call from our controller.
Student surveys.
All the metal bars I'd devalue, that's it and redone it.
So now we're all good with this debate, so let's test it out.
I don't know what spring would application till then.
Let some two horsemen let me copy this.
You are OK for our GDP.
And here.
Get my I.D. OK?
Part variable, for example, ID equal to one called API.
And we got the response.
Pass, though, ID equal to to see on the record that we have in a West roundtable.
OK, so here we haven't brought any negatives equal.
We just call this metallic provided by a fine body.
And we got the object double what entity?
Glass.
That is nothing but one particular rule in August one.
OK, now you may be thinking, OK, that what it does in the background, what what's equal credit is
generating?
If we want to see it again, then that also you can do it OK?
You just need to have the one property to have the securities donated by GPA in your logs, OK?
And that property you need to set in your application what properties and that is springboard GPA,
not source equal equal to true.
OK.
This property you need to set.
Now let's add another Springwood application again.
Clear the logs and all our AP from postmen because the success response.
See, this is the sequel query led me to maximize civic I.D..
OK.
Email.
This is the column name, OK, first name, last name, these are the column names indisputable as last
name from student and then.
Rent is equal to whatever we provided, OK, so this is the net is equal to originated by Jibia.
OK.
When it is done reading when we are calling this method, OK, fine by.
You can call this eBay.
OK, get Alston's, and that also you can verify in the console that what natives are called very being
donated by.
Obviously, for this one, it will be select from student book.
And here we select staff from Student Vet ID equal to this value, whatever we are providing.
So this is the property you need to set in the application or properties.
If you want to see the sequel, which is being donated by GP for your reference only.
I read it OK, but let me comment it out.
If you want, you can have this property get uncommitted.
So this is how you can get single record using Depew.
That's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.